[pensive instrumental music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Norwegian]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Earther attacking
ship milowda.
We na du nating nada.
[overlapping shouting]
It's been running on
every news feed in the Belt.
[overlapping shouting]
They gonya kill all milowda.
[explosions]
This was an unprovoked attack
by the UN.
These actions
endanger the armistice
and put the alliance around
the Ring Gate in jeopardy.
[man] Secretary-General
candidate Nancy Gao
has called
for an investigation.
This truly is a tragedy
on all sides.
The OPA is our ally.
Peace between our nations
is essential
for the colonization
of the new worlds.
[monitor blips]
Gao is going
to push this hard.
We need to change
the narrative.
I think that you should
get on the road,
speak directly
to the voters...
Ma'am, General McCourt
is here to see you.
Send him in.
Close the door on your way out.
- Good morning, ma'am.
- Good morning, General.
I know this has been
a rough day for you.
Yes, ma'am, one of the most
difficult days of my career.
- For me as well.
- Madam Secretary.
I'm here to tender
my resignation.
General, you do not need
to fall on your sword over this.
I understand that's how
the public will perceive it,
but that's not what I'm doing.
I'm a marine.
You're the commander in chief.
I've always followed
your orders to the letter,
but I cannot in good conscience
continue to serve a leader
who recklessly puts marines
in the line of fire
for her own gain.
We were hunting a terrorist
who had to be brought
to justice.
We sent in a team
with limited intel
and not enough time to prepare.
My marines paid the price.
Hindsight doesn't change what
we still need to accomplish.
Twelve soldiers, dozens
of innocent civilians died
to boost your poll numbers.
You may be able
to justify your actions,
but I cannot.
♪ ♪
You're dismissed.
[door click open and shut]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Welcome to Medina Station.
It's good to see you.
[grunts]
You promised
to hold your temper.
I did.
Sabaka fo mama.
You sold us out.
You gave Marco's location
to the Earthers
and got dozens
of innocent Belters killed.
Marco rigged that ship to blow
and kill everyone.
- He set us up.
- And you took the bait,
blinded by your self-imposed
dependence on the Inners.
You should be thanking me
for not sending you.
Back-channeling our information
to the UN was the right move.
It appeased the Earthers
and kept our hands clean
in the eyes of the OPA factions
who supported Marco.
Yeah, well,
Marco lied to our faces.
The other factions
would have backed us.
And the video
he is now broadcasting
is going to rally thousands
of Belters to his side.
And your bullshit statement
blaming the UN
will rally thousands more.
You turned Marco
into a goddamn hero.
I trusted you with my vote,
and you chose to let him go.
- I was cleaning up your mess.
- You're putting this on me?
[Ashford] You weren't there.
She cast the right vote.
She saw the larger picture
unfolding in that air lock
and she made the correct
decision, difficult as it was.
Which is exactly what I did.
We were both
in impossible positions.
No.
Truce or no truce,
we na sell out our own
to the Inners.
We all have enough blame
to share, eh,
and even more problems to solve,
so politics be damned.
The Inners are looking
for any way they can
to control the Ring,
and we cannot let that happen.
Which is why I'm here.
I'm negotiating a way for us
to maintain control
of the Ring Space
and for the UNN
to remove their battleship.
I used the information that you
gave me as a bargaining chip
to keep the UN
out of our business.
This station is the backbone
of the Belt's economic future.
We must do whatever have to
to protect it.
You can do it without me.
I quit.
Aw, Drummer.
[door whooshes]
♪ ♪
[wind whooshing]
[Holden grunts]
[Holden shouting]
[grunting]
[panting]
[sighs heavily]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[device chirping]
[Holden] Hey.
- How's it going down there?
Another Belter wandered off.
- Just found his body.
- Fuck.
[Holden] I told them
to stay in their spots.
They're blind, not deaf,
God damn it.
[Naomi]
You're doing all you can.
Nobody stands a chance
without you.
Yeah.
[sighs]
Well, at least tell me
your plan's working.
They're building the cable
and the gantry.
I'm finishing the Roci's
tensioning system.
We'll be maneuvering
to match orbits
and make the hookup shortly.
Good.
[dramatic music]
One of us needs something
to go right.
I'll let you know
when we connect the ships.
Okay.
[device beeps]
[man coughs]
Holden, that you?
Yeah.
Did you find Barrett?
- He's dead.
- [exhales] Pashang.
I didn't think he would go.
If you hear anyone else
wander off,
yell, and I'll come.
There are slugs
in every tunnel now.
- Nowhere's safe.
[man] Get him off me!
Get him off me!
Get him off!
[Holden] Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, easy, easy.
There's nothing there.
Easy.
[injector clicks]
[blowtorch whooshing]
[Holden] Hey.
You got them all.
Amos?
They're dead.
I'm just sending a message
to the rest of them,
make sure
they don't keep coming.
- [blowtorch whooshing]
- Need me to get you anything?
I'm good.
Let me borrow the torch.
I might need it.
I'm keeping it.
♪ ♪
- [foot thudding]
- [slug squelching]
Holden?
Yeah.
[machines blipping softly]
What did the results say
after analyzing our friend?
Well, you tell me.
Yeah.
Sample's primarily water
and tridecyl
and "oli-ol" alcohols.
Oleyl.
They're from the ocean.
High concentrations
of R and S-2
"propy-piper-dine
stereo-somers."
Propylpiperidine stereoisomers,
the poison.
"Benzo-pheno-nomes,"
trace levels
of copper chromite.
Close enough.
It confirms my theory
that the slugs secrete
a powerful neurotoxin
that immediately
paralyzes humans
and causes respiratory failure
upon contact with our skin.
Anything in there about
some kind of possible vaccine?
[sighs]
Based on what you said,
with an unknown species
and the equipment I have,
even if I could see,
I maybe could come up
with something in a week?
[Murtry] Murtry.
What about treating the
organisms blinding everyone?
Was there anything
in my blood?
Nothing out of the ordinary.
I don't know.
Maybe your immunity
has something to do
with your multi-parent
genetics,
but that still doesn't help us.
There has to be
something we're missing.
[Murtry] Understood.
Captain Holden?
You rang?
[Murtry] We've had an update
from the Edward Israel.
They said tomorrow
the waters above us will have
receded enough so that we can
build camp on the surface.
Well, that's great,
but I can't get everyone
out of here
if I'm the only one
who can see.
Well, my people
can handle the ropes
if you can guide us out.
I mean, even blind,
we'll be safer up there
without these slugs
falling on us.
We're not leaving
the Belters behind.
I'm not asking you
to leave them.
I'm asking you to help us.
When we leave here,
we're all leaving together.
In the land of the blind,
the one-eyed man is king.
[foreboding music]
I'm gonna take the Belters
to the latrine.
Then I'm gonna come back
and I'll do the same
for your people.
Thank you, Captain.
♪ ♪
What are you doing up so early?
[sighs] I'm sorry.
I gotta go.
If this is a "love 'em
and leave 'em" situation,
just know you're gonna
miss out on waffles.
I'll grab a coffee
downstairs.
They got pancakes, too,
if that's more your thing.
What's the rush?
I got a job interview.
Oh.
You didn't mention anything
last night.
Yeah, um...
...ice mining out on Europa.
They say it could be
a minimum ten-month job.
Wow. [laughs softly]
Congratulations.
I don't know if it's
for sure yet, but, uh,
I didn't say anything 'cause I
didn't want to ruin any of this.
You're not ruining anything.
All right.
Well, thanks
for being cool about it.
Mm.
[laughs softly]
How about we do waffles
tonight?
Yeah, sure.
All right.
[door clicks open]
[door clicks shut]
[Esai] Ship's on its way in
from Callisto.
The off-loaded cargo's being
housed in storage level three
and is scheduled
for immediate recycling.
Where are we
on those access codes?
- Should have them by tonight.
- The right ones this time?
- Go fuck yourself.
- Do we have a buyer?
[Beltran]
It's already been arranged.
We're just escorting
the package
from the dock storage facility
to one of the berths.
So we're just
the middlemen on this?
All we have to do
is babysit the package
until we make the handoff.
- That's it?
[Esai] That's it.
And each of our shares on this
is almost ten times what we made
on the terraforming job.
Holy shit.
[indistinct chatter]
What's the package?
I wasn't provided
with that information.
For the money we're getting,
it doesn't matter.
You mean we're getting paid not
to ask questions, is that it?
- Is that a problem?
- I'm fine with that.
Good.
I'll give you all
instructions tomorrow.
If easy money
isn't your thing,
three-way split's
better than four, so...
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
So this will keep the cable
from breaking
while the Roci is pulling?
This and the one Felcia's
building on the Barb
should keep it taut.
[wheel stops whirring]
If the cable goes slack
and tightens too fast,
the stress will snap it.
If that happened,
would we still have time
to bring everyone
from the Barb here?
Hey, Naomi,
we're approaching the Barb.
It is time for us
to make our way down.
I'm gonna be pumping
the brakes.
Y'all are gonna feel this
a bit,
so make sure everything
is locked down and secure.
Copy that.
We're good.
- [button clicks]
- Here we go.
[engines whooshing]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[soft creaking]
[cable whirring]
We're out of mining net.
Cable just 800 meter.
No safety margin.
Sure your math right, ke?
It right.
We make it work.
We have to.
I meant to tell you
this sooner.
Thanks for hating
your parents.
You might save us all
from being fucked.
[chuckles]
[welding torch fizzing]
I'm gonna grab some more
sedatives and painkillers.
How are the Belters
holding up?
I hear the slugs
got some of them.
[Holden] Without the meds,
a lot more would be dead.
We only have one left.
Can your pharmaceutical printer
make more?
[machine chirps]
I don't have the reagents
for those kinds of drugs.
[sighs] Shit.
We're giving you food and meds
to help the Belters,
but at some point,
we're gonna run out.
We're gonna have
to cut our losses.
Belters aren't gonna forget
you're the reason
we're down here.
[ominous music]
[Carol] Holden!
[man] Holden!
[Belters chattering
indistinctly]
What?
What happened?
I think someone walked away...
that way.
Shit.
Amos!
Amos?
Amos.
[flashlight clicks]
♪ ♪
Amos...step back.
Listen to me.
Say something.
- [shouting]
- Fuck, Jesus Christ!
Amos, stop!
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[softly]
Okay.
♪ ♪
All right.
I got you.
It's all right.
[woman] Someone coming.
[indistinct chatter]
Here, watch your leg.
- [Jakob] Holden?
- Yeah.
Amos.
Amos, look at me.
Look at me.
As long as
we're still breathing,
we're alive,
I can't lose you.
♪ ♪
[faint metallic thunk]
[footsteps approaching]
[Ashford]
I've been looking for you.
I checked every bar
in the station.
I drink when I'm angry,
not when I'm sad.
Drummer, I understand
why you quit,
but you can't let
your sorrows drown you.
Fred Johnson should have
let us handle our own business,
no doubt,
but he isn't wrong
about this place.
We need it,
and we need the Inners
if we want a future of peace.
[sighs heavily]
The Mormon pictures
in my office
always made me laugh,
celebrating
the pride of the Inners,
a history of coveting
another's homeland
and killing to take it.
I believed in Fred's vision
for an independent Belt,
but now that we're free,
we're painting
those same pictures,
murdering innocent people,
our own people,
in exchange for peace
with the Inners.
I hope Marco is wrong
about our future,
but I fear he's not.
Eh, Marco is a nihilist...
[stammers]
...in the guise of a patriot.
His way is not the way forward
for the Belt.
And this is?
I have seen blood spilled
my entire life
and I have spilled enough myself
to know that the future,
our future,
cannot be built on violence.
You sound like a politician.
[chuckles]
No, I'm just old.
Age changes you
in ways you don't expect.
[chuckles] My focus isn't
as narrow as it once was.
Fred offer you the job
of running this place, ke?
Yeah, he did.
But I declined.
- I have more pressing matters.
- Like what?
I am going to hunt down Marco
and kill him.
Interesting way to start
a future of peace.
Well, the longer
Marco lives,
the more followers
he will recruit,
and the more our nation
and our peace will be at risk.
And I also admit I am eager
to see his pretty face
floating outside the air lock.
[laughs softly]
[both chuckle]
I see age hasn't
changed everything.
[both laugh]
You know, for this mission,
I am going to need a good XO.
The job is yours...
if you want it.
♪ ♪
[muffled doorbell rings]
Can I help you?
Uh, I'm...I'm sorry.
I'm looking for Esai Martin.
[Esai] Who is it, honey?
[Katlin] Esai.
- Hey.
Hey.
Come on in.
[laughs softly]
[door clicks shut]
Bobbie, this is my wife,
Katlin.
Katlin, this is Bobbie.
She does consulting
with the department.
Oh, it's nice to meet you.
- You too.
[Emily] Stop it!
- Ow! Mom!
- Excuse me.
[Charlie] Emily pushed me!
[Emily] Charlie's cheating.
- It's bedtime.
[Charlie] No!
- Can I get you a drink?
- I'm good.
- Thank you.
[Katlin] Come on.
[Katlin] Let's go.
[kids] Fine.
These little rascals,
that's Charlie and Emily.
[Charlie]
Can you read us a story?
[door clicks shut]
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you had a family.
Why would you?
What's going on?
It's about the job.
Something's not right.
It's too easy and there are
too many unknowns.
We're not walking away.
- Did Beltran bring this to you?
- He did, yeah.
I don't trust him.
He's active military,
isn't he?
I told you I'm not gonna
help you move weapons
or anything
that will hurt people.
Beltran said
there was nothing lethal.
- But you don't know for sure?
- [plates clink]
You're smarter than this.
You don't do any job
without knowing the details.
What's going on?
[sighs]
If I take this job,
I'll make enough money
to leave.
Leave?
And go where?
The Ring Gate, new worlds.
Colony ships are lining up
already to go through.
After this job,
I can buy my whole family
a place on board
one of those ships.
No one's allowed
through the blockade.
For now,
but once it's lifted,
the floodgates will open.
I don't want
to be stranded here.
What are you talking about?
Those planets are habitable.
There's no reason why Mars
should continue terraforming.
Mars has been terraforming
for generations.
It's a part of our culture.
We're not gonna abandon it.
You think all those scientists
and engineers are gonna keep
creating an atmosphere
that won't be finished
for another century
when they can go work
on another planet already
with air they can breathe?
And when the best
and brightest start leaving,
it's gonna be just people like
you and me left on this rock.
Mars is changing.
It's not dead.
Mars died the moment they
discovered those new worlds.
I wasn't smart enough to be
on the terraforming project,
and the military
didn't want me, but...
it didn't matter.
I did my duty
because Mars promised
a garden for everyone.
I was a good Martian
my entire life
because I wanted my children
to get their share
of the rewards.
Well, one way or another,
I'm gonna make sure
they get what they deserve.
You can't get your family
off the planet if you're dead.
- [door clicks open]
[Katlin] Esai.
They want you
to read to them tonight.
Oh.
Uh, tell them I'll be right in.
- [Katlin] Okay.
- Okay, thanks, babe.
If you want out, just say so.
You don't owe me
anything anymore.
♪ ♪
Amos?
Here.
I'm here.
[indistinct chatter]
Holden told me what happened.
I know how you feel.
No, you don't.
It's okay if you're scared.
I don't know what I am.
When I was five,
I lived in a basement.
And I'd have nightmares,
and when I woke up
and opened my eyes,
everything was still black.
♪ ♪
That's when they came in.
I thought I was dead
and there was nothing
I could do about it.
There's nothing we can do now
except sit in the dark
and wait to die.
♪ ♪
People like us deserve a say
in how we go out.
That's all I ever wanted.
- [grunting]
- [loud thunking]
- [Holden sighs]
- [indistinct chatter]
[shovel clatters loudly]
Holden, what happened?
Are you okay?
[sighs]
My friend.
Is he dead?
No.
There has to be some reason
why I can still see.
I'm gonna take
another blood sample.
No, we've taken
two blood samples.
There...
there is nothing abnormal.
- I can't let us die down here.
- It's not on you.
Yes, it is.
- It's on me.
- [latches clicking]
What if it's not your blood?
What if your blood
is normal
but it's your vitreous humor
that isn't?
- My what?
- Your eye fluid.
What can we do to find out?
♪ ♪
[syringe whirs]
And this is the only way?
We only need a little fluid
to analyze.
Just don't go in too far.
Good safety tip.
[inhales sharply]
[exhales deeply]
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
- [syringe whirs]
- All right, I got some.
- Oh, good.
Okay, put the sample
in the machine.
[exhales sharply]
So how long do you think
it's gonna take until...
[machine blipping]
That was quick.
Is that a good or a bad sign?
I don't know.
What does the screen say?
Uh, glucose concentration
3.1 millimoles per liter.
"Liptides" 1.97 micrograms
per milliliter.
Estimated total protein,
1580 with trace
dysplastic metabolites.
[scoffs, laughs]
What?
What's so funny?
Uh, well, nothing is...
is really abnormal,
but if we end up
getting out of here,
you might want to see a doctor.
You have precancerous cells
that could become
life-threatening
if not treated.
Well, I already knew that.
I was irradiated on Eros,
so I'm full of oncocidals.
- Thanks.
- No, I don't want your hand.
- You have a medication port.
- Yeah.
I've had to take
regular injections.
The anticancer meds are what
is killing the organisms.
[hopeful music]
That's what's making me immune?
It has to be the abnormality
we are looking for.
Do you have the reagents
to make the meds?
I think so.
I just need you to read
some information off your patch
and help me gather up
some chemicals.
- [exhales heavily]
- [laughs softly]
It's been a while
since I've seen you smile.
[laughs]
It's a tragedy when anyone dies
in the line of duty.
But these 12 heroes
we're honoring today
died to spare our planet
from further tragedy.
Service above self
is what makes our soldiers
the most noble
and honorable people
on our planet.
They are the symbols
of who we are as a people,
and the ideals
we fight to defend.
[soft indistinct chatter]
[sighs heavily]
I'm sorry.
Memorials are never easy.
[soft dramatic music]
And how impersonal they are
makes them even worse.
♪ ♪
I know each of these marines
was special to you,
but I don't know why;
only you do.
So nothing I say
to you today matters,
and it shouldn't,
because there are no words for
what these people meant to you.
My son, Charanpal,
was a marine.
He was also killed by the OPA.
When he died,
all I wanted to know was,
who was responsible?
Who was the person
I could hate?
But there was no one.
The OPA killed your husbands,
your wives,
your parents,
your children,
but it is my fault
that they died.
My job is to keep the people
of this planet safe,
and I failed to do that
for your loved ones.
I failed all of you,
as a mother and as a leader...
♪ ♪
...so know that I am to blame.
And I understand
how all of you feel.
And all I can say is,
I am truly sorry.
♪ ♪
[soft indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct announcement
over P.A. system]
[boy] Yeah, throw it.
David?
- Hey.
[David] Oh, hey.
Hey, Bobbie.
- How you doing?
- I'm good.
Good. Just busy.
- How are things with you?
- Yeah, um...yeah, I'm fine.
That's good.
Do you wanna grab a beer,
sit down and talk?
Love to, but I can't.
I got an orientation meeting
I gotta get to.
What for?
I got placed
in the terraforming project.
[laughs softly]
Got the third-highest score on
the chemical engineering exam.
[laughs softly]
That's great.
I'm happy for you.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
You know, I, um...
I never got to say thank you
for everything
that you did for me.
Would've never gotten this job
if it wasn't for you.
I'm doing my duty for Mars.
Yeah. [laughs softly]
Look, I...I'll see you around?
We could talk then?
Of course.
See you.
♪ ♪
[door clicks open]
[Thomas] I'm not sure
what kind of toppings
you like on your waffles,
so I just got everything.
[sniffs]
Butter, syrup.
- Ice cream, whipped cream.
- Did you get the job?
That wasn't a topping choice.
Mm.
- Let's eat and we'll talk.
- So that's a yes, then.
Yeah.
I leave next week.
Good for you, but if you're
in such a rush to leave,
you should probably
just go now.
- Oh, don't do this.
- I'm not doing anything.
You're the one leaving.
Right. I get it.
- Hating me is much easier.
- You don't know me.
I don't?
I want you to come with me.
- What?
- Come to Europa with me.
Oh, hang on.
- I can't just up and leave.
- Why not?
This give us a chance
to start over.
What do you mean, start over?
Come on, Bobbie.
I'm not stupid.
I mean, I see the...
the new clothes,
the fancy hotel room,
the room service.
I know you're not doing
consulting work.
Listen, I'm not judging you,
all right?
I know we all gotta do
what we gotta do to get by.
I'm just saying I know
this is not who you really are.
Oh, yeah, that's what you know?
So you think I need to be
fucking saved, is that it?
- That's not what I'm saying.
- You don't get it.
You're still
buying into the bullshit.
Look around you.
The dream of Mars is dying.
So stealing and getting yours,
that's the answer?
[sighs]
What the hell happened?
Everything we've ever fought for
has been for nothing.
You really believe that?
Go. Do the job.
Be a good Martian.
See what's here
when you get back.
I will.
And I hope
you're still here too.
[door clicks shut]
[bottle clatters]
[structure whirring]
And double the ammunition stores
for both PDCs.
Marco's ship has
a lot of missiles.
I'd hate to die because
we couldn't shoot back.
[man] Copy that.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Requesting permission
to come aboard, Captain.
Permission granted.
[laughs]
[chair whirs]
A gift for you.
Oh, that's very thoughtful.
Oh, thank you.
Well, we should probably toast
the crew before we set off.
Im a gift for your send-off.
You're not coming?
I've worked for both
Anderson Dawes
and Fred Johnson,
big men with big dreams.
And what are you
going to do, then?
[scoffs softly]
Stay out of politics.
Well, then will you
do me a favor?
Hmm?
Hold on to this
until I finish the mission.
♪ ♪
Tenye wa chesh gut.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
[thrusters whooshing]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[welding torch fizzing]
[Alex] Naomi,
the Roci's in position.
Orbits are synced.
How's it coming out there?
Just finishing up
welding the gantry.
Radio the Barb
and ready the drone.
Copy that.
♪ ♪
Felcia, is the cable ready?
- All set and ready to go.
[Alex] Roger that.
Hookup is on its way.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[drone whirs]
[cable clicks]
Cable's secure.
Thank you kindly.
Bringing her home.
[thrusters whooshing]
♪ ♪
Got it, Alex.
You can lose the drone.
♪ ♪
[latch clicks]
[touch screen beeping]
Winch activated.
[machine whirring]
Okay, Alex, we're set.
- Cable's connected.
[Alex] Copy that.
I'm gonna give her
a little thrust.
Hang tight.
♪ ♪
Here goes nothing.
[thrusters whooshing]
♪ ♪
[computer blipping]
[laughs]
Hey, guys, it's working.
[laughs softly]
♪ ♪
[Alex] Ladies and gentlemen,
we are climbing higher.
- We did it! We did it.
- [Alex laughs]
- Hot dog!
- Whoo!
[exhales heavily]
♪ ♪
[Holden] Hey.
Wei said you were
feeling better.
When you see my blowtorch,
could you bring it back to me?
[softly]
Eh, you can find it yourself.
Dr. Okoye figured out
a treatment for your eyes.
Really?
We're getting out of here?
She just tested it on herself
and her eyesight's
already coming back.
She's prepping
to treat everyone.
How...
I didn't think
you could pull it off.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Now I can say
I took you in a fight.
You can say whatever you want.
♪ ♪
[Holden grunting]
[door clangs]
- [grunts]
- [door creaks]
[door clangs and creaks]
[shouts]
- [panting]
- [air whooshing]
[wind whooshing]
[waves lapping]
[device chirps]
Holden, the tow is working.
We're stabilizing
the Barb's orbit.
Good news is now contagious.
We figured out how to restore
everyone's vision.
My cancer meds
were why I was immune.
We're treating everyone now.
Something good finally
came out of being on Eros.
All we did was
buy ourselves more time.
And that's what
we're going to keep on doing.
[hopeful music]
♪ ♪
Go ahead.
I want to be alone.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Miss Gao, can we just have
a moment of your time, please?
I just want to say that
it has been a very sad day,
but our
Secretary-General's words
to the families of the marines
and her honesty for accepting
the blame for her missteps
show why she is
such an honorable woman.
Miss Gao,
do you have any comments
on the new images
from New Terra?
Do they change your position
on the Ring Gate
and exploring new worlds?
♪ ♪
[woman] ...has been an
emotional day for the planet,
to say the least.
What began
as a day of mourning
has now quickly evolved
to a watershed moment
in our planet's history.
We don't have
all the facts yet,
but we do know that
opinions around the world
dramatically changed
about the Ring Gate
since these images
from New Terra became public.
A UN spokesperson
has condemned the media
for the irresponsible release
of classified information
and said that an investigation
of the security breach
is currently underway.
[door clicks open and shut]
I said I want to be alone.
Did you leak the images
from New Terra?
- Yes.
[Arjun] You said the last thing
you wanted to do was
unnecessarily scare the planet.
I did, but now
it was necessary.
Because you're scared to lose?
I had to change the narrative.
Now Nancy Gao doesn't have
a leg or a platform to stand on.
You're inciting
fear and hysteria
to cover up your own mistake.
New Terra
is the headline again,
as it always should have been.
Nothing else in this election
ever should have mattered.
This isn't about
the Ring worlds.
It's about your pride.
You told me to connect
with the voters emotionally.
At the memorial,
they saw me as the caring
matriarch you told me to be,
and now they know
I was right to be cautious
about exploring the new worlds.
You wanted me
to play this game,
so I did.
You don't get
to be upset with me
because I didn't play
by your rules.
All your words today
were lies.
There is nothing righteous
in winning this way.
I did what needed to be done.
You used our son's death
for political advantage!
♪ ♪
What I said about Charanpal,
that wasn't a lie.
Every word was the truth.
♪ ♪
[machine beeps]
[indistinct chatter]
[syringe whirs]
♪ ♪
[man] This way.
This way.
♪ ♪
- [device beeps]
- This is Murtry.
Has the light shuttle
been prepared
with the proximity detonator?
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
Miller.
Where the hell have you been?
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [blipping]
- [no audible dialogue]
♪ ♪
[visceral scream]